doc(toggle): Update the Usage tab with the latest content template (#4440)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/toggle/usage.mdx

#### 1. Default toggle

A. Label text <br /> B. Toggle <br /> C. State text <br />

</Column>
<Column colSm={2} colMd={4} colLg={4}>

#### 2. Small toggle

A. Label text(optional) <br /> B. Toggle <br /> C. State text (optional) <br />
D. Checkmark tick (on state) <br />

</Column>
</Row>

### Sizing

The toggle component is available in two sizes: **default**, and **small**.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Sizes of toggle](images/toggle-usage-sizes.png)

</Column>
</Row>

<Caption>Sizes of toggle</Caption>

## Content

#### Label text

The label text must accompany the toggle to provide additional context and
clarify its state. However, the label text is optional for small toggle.

#### State text

Use text to describe the binary action of toggle so that the action is clear.

> state text must be three words or less and is displayed on the side of a toggle.

Author: I have updated it as:
```suggestion
It must be three words or less and is displayed on the side of a toggle.
```

> state text is optional for small toggle.

Author: I have updated it as:
```suggestion
The state text is optional for small toggle.
```

| Read-only | When the user can review but not modify the component. This state removes all interactive functions like the disabled state but can still be focusable, accessible by screen readers, and passes visual contrast for readability.                           |
| Skeleton  | Use on an initial page load to indicate that the toggle has not yet fully loaded.                                                                                                                                                                           |

### Interactions

#### Mouse

> Toggle component is triggered on `Click` which switches between the "on" and

Reviewer: It would be good to see if the magenta color could go over the toggle component more, so it looks like it is part of the click target area. Right now I almost missed that it was covering the toggle portion.

## Small toggle

Small toggle is often used in condensed spaces and appear inline with other
components or content. The label and state text are optional for small toggle.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Example of a small toggle with state text in context](images/toggle-usage-small-with-action-text.png)

</Column>
</Row>

<Caption>Example of a small toggle with state text in context</Caption>

> <br />

Reviewer: This break can be removed.
